

The idea of integrating the grade system with facebook, in other words, sharing students' exam results on facebook, has some interesting aspects. I believe this might encourage students to compete against each other, because they see eachothers results, furthermore, other people can see your results aswell. Also, it might be more discouraging not to study, because everyone can see it if you score a bad grade. 
So, there's a chance that this will positively affect the average grade for a test.
However, there are some downsides to this idea which I am afraid far outweigh the positive side, which is already quite questionable. 

Take for example a student which is struggling with his/her study here, it is very imaginable that this student would feel (even more) demotivated about his study.
Another example, one of a student which is very proficient in his study (and isn't afraid to tell people about it), may just have a boost in ego and become a bully.
For these examples we can say that if the student deviates a lot from the average that the outcome seems negative.
Aside from this, no matter what grades students get, how much effort they put into their study or if they care at what other students think about their grades, they might not want their grades on facebook at all. After all, outside parties, such as parents or future employers can access this information aswell. Furthermore, just because it is on an open place in the world wide web, Facebook and Google (as well as many other large internet corporations working with big data), will also know about a student's grades.

Facebook is not designed for sharing this kind of sensitive information, it is for connecting people or maintaining contact with faraway friends. The focus should not be on serious matters such as school or grades. If one person is going to use facebook like this, it might aswell be everybody who is sharing all kinds of information on there aswell. I highly doubt anyone wants facebook to go into this direction, as it is intended (and used) as a social medium, not as a grade manager.

I also want to raise the question, who would be interested in a student's grades? Would there be a big fanbase following the latest updates on UT students' grades? I highly doubt that the people who are expected to find this an interesting idea, like students themselves, wouldn't really care that much, while big data corporations would be interested in storing this information.

The realization of this idea will certainly make people concerned.

At the very least, students should be asked if they want their grades submitted to facebook. There should be an opt-in function for them, which clearly explains to them what will happen to their grades, and that their grade information will basically be available to everyone. As the idea is initially suggested, there is no way of opting out of the facebook sharing, as you instantly have to authorize.